I am writing this out, to copy and paste to deliver to you. Thank you for your help !
I will be buying a domain from unstoppabledomains.com. this will be a .crypto domain. 
And I can host it through pinata.cloud. it is free up to 1g of storage. Being a Dapp, 
I am not sure how much storage I will need. Hopefully, this can give us a setup online.
 I have already created off of a template (check github) a very simple website, with 
some rough idea sketched on to it already. The simpler the better to me.
I really like the infrastructure from the website app.airnft.com. 
What I need is a simple way to connect wallet to website and have a simple 
account from their wallet address. From creating an account just like the 
airnft you can post a ‘project’ that other people with the token can donate 
their token towards. The goal is for community to continuously perpetuate the coin
 by creating projects that themselves are involved in.
 so if you want to start a project, the project minimum will be xxxxx token +gas.
 People who have token can donate to this person or project if they believe in it strong enough. 
The person who starts the project can choose whether this is a personal goal or public project.
 Wich personal will have coins claimed for themselves, and public being one that someone can 
‘claim’ the project; for instance, cleaning up a park. And claim the tokens donated toward the project
 after public verification. If you start a public project, I want there to be total amount donated %
 to go towards creator, creating token ambassadors.
 I am truly hoping to have ambassadors that go around creating projects in communities, and people
 who are invested in the coin will do the projects in reward for the coin. Creating more value in the coin,
 and the coin gaining value by creating value in communities.
The more I can be involved with development the better, I want to be a ambassador for my own token.
 I will start marketing on poocoin. I found their ad partner, after I do a small liquidity pool
 for people that I know, and I want to share some of this crypto knowledge with, I want this to
 be as community owned as possible (community liquidity pool, which will be for people with a lot of coin).
 That’s why I was asking about deploying a smart contract to a website. I want my website to own the token, to be more
 trustworthy. But not totally sure if that’s possible.

Here is Token. I own wallet with the 8quad token.
https://bscscan.com/token/0x88cbea8e881b6d59f14945e53d5995fafc0d49d7

Check out my github that has my very simple website layout here. You are more than welcome to completely scrap this as well. 
As I have no idea what platform to even begin on.

 https://github.com/AHarmles/Hook-Token

Some extra verification;

https://www.instagram.com/aharmles/
https://twitter.com/aharmleskitty
https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100000011865088

The media will never live the life we live every day. 
Only we know how we can truly make the world we live in,
 a better place. From anywhere in the world, crypto can connect
 you to thousands, to millions that can instantly be a part of your
 community. Let’s create platforms that give voice to the smallest 
communities in the world. To the people that live real bullshit life every day, 
paycheck to paycheck, tavern, to pub. You are the ones that see the hardest times, 
that have no time to give back to the world. I ask of you to leave life better than 
how you found it. It’s simple, and hard at the same time. This is what this token
 was created for. For the people, that don’t have time to spend on themselves. 
Make yourself important. Make yourself the main character of your story. You deserve it.
 Because I know, once you have found your true self. You won’t just be living a life,
 you will be living your life, helping others. Use my platform for your voice and make yourself
 into what you know you want to become. Blessings to you all.

-James Hook, Token Ambassador
